docs: add whats new section (#484)
lumicks/pylake: docs/whatsnew/index.rst

What's new
==========

> This section will present some highlights of new functionality integrated into Pylake.
> For a full list of new features and changes, please refer to the :doc:`changelog</changelog>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section highlights some of the new functionality integrated into Pylake with each version release.
For a full list of new features and changes, please refer to the :doc:`changelog</changelog>`.
```

.. toctree::
    :caption: Contents
    :maxdepth: 1

>     1.0.0/1_0_0

Reviewer: not sure how I feel about the `.` in directory names. Maybe I'm just old school 😬
